
Git and Git Hub

Continuos integreation

Configuaration management tools

GIT -called as a configuration management tool or version control tool
Copy all automated script it into git

GIT--> Is also called as a local repository --- Will provide a local repository
Day to day we can check the code and update the code in local repository
Git is a revision control system used to track changes in computer files, its a tool to manage your code & file history
while coordinating work remotely on those files with others.  

end of the they they will complete all the task and put it in the one place it is called as GitHub
GitHub-->is also called as a remote repository --
Sahred repository will be available in remotely 

GitHub is a hosting service for git repositories. Git is the toll, While GitHub is the service to use git

Collaboration 

they will provide the all task to multipel people and they will store in multiple places
Dont have  a integrate on any same  place

Now some of the company will integrete  all the task and  they will put it in one place
user can get it data and modify and save  and put it i n same place 

Before 

T1, T2, T3  

After   

T1T2T3
-------------
Git and GitHub is not a different both are same

GitHub --
After using link everyone can access this project that are available in GitHub

In GitHub 
We need to have a account and i need to creae a New Porject for link

Everything will complete in Git then it will comming to the GitHub picture.

1st - We ned to GitHub Account 
2nd --> Create Project

GitHub repository having one url---> After create repository we will get a URL that is most importnt
Remote Repository URl from gitHub


Git Installation in Local System 
How to work in Git 
How to check the Code in Git Repository

Git Commands

1. git init ---> we need to initialize the repository.
Now initialize he empty git repository. With repository folder name  - folder as become a Git Repository
We need to integrete both Git and GitGub

2.git remote add origin "GitHub Proejct Url"   --- here remote called as a origin
This command will integrete the local git repository into remote repository

We can push the file from Git to GitHub by using  push command
we can get file from GitHub to local repository  it is called as pull command

Commit means ---
After commint local files and folders are a part of git. 

git pull origin master -- Master is a folder name 
This command is used to pull the file or data from remote repository to local repository.

Ony one or two files  we can use Git  , For multiple files we can use GitHub 

We dont modify any file directly in the GitHub  ---> it is able to modify only notepad files readme files 
jar files and zip files unable to modify directly 

GitHub is the central repository where we are manage all the project files
Readme File contains --- installation proecess  

If we want to modify any file----> We can modify only in local repository.
First we need  to set the files in index

Git commands 
Aftre commit file modification should be applicable
After adding file in index in local repository we need to check the status.

First ready to add the files in index in local repositoty.
git add -A  --> This command is used to add the all files in index

This files are ready to commit the Git Repository.

git commit -a ---> we need to commit all the files
 
git commit -a  -m "Committing 3 files in to git local repository"
git log ---> this command will give you what are the things we have done previously 

----------------------------------------------------------------
Continuous integration--- This a automation related prcess 

This is process related concept 
Discuss about 2 teams

Testing team and developing team.

Developer ---> Responsible for implementing the functionality

we need to integre all the codes and programs which is implemented by multiple developers
Creating the bits this 2 are the challanges

Tester -- Responsible for testing the application in manual and automation things
WE never get a code from the developer


Devops teams and Responsibilities    --- this is a middle of developer and testing team

Devops means --- developement and operation
This team getting the code from developers and integrate the code, they will create a build and they will provide the build to developer
 along with Automated code will be automate automatically 
Integression of code 
creation a build 
And run automaton immediately

Thi three task are done by the developement operaion team

Devops three tols --- jenkins , maven, n no of tools 
maven 100% utilize in Dev ops team

Devops reduce effort and time
Now every day build is available 

This process is very faster  and  deliver the software to the client very soon

Automation process will make the process is very faster
Any build we can  download from the jenkins

everyday automatically build will be create immediatlry and Automatically automation will be trigger-- Based upon time slote Build is create 
and automation is run

After getting any bugs tester we nedd to raise the ticet
------------------------------------------------------------------
Project Name is called as repository 

Projects are upload in folder form

Repository means folder - in that folder we have the code

Root directory- means main folder

clone means -- dupilcate banana 

Command 
untracked 
new files that  git doesn't yet track

modified
changed

staged 
file is ready to be committed

unmodified
unchanged 



1st step ---> create a local repository 
2nd step --> Add the project in local Repository

Right click on project  --> click on team --> share project ---> create local repository 

After create repository 
Right click on project--> click on Team --> click on Add index
After that this file is add in commit area

Right click on project --> Team--> commit
Once give the comment and then click on commit button


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

Command 
1. git init 
2. git add . 
3. git commit -m "Java program"
4. git remote add origin ---> https://github.com/amitkamble777/SeleniumPrograms.git
5. git push -u origin master





























     





 


































We can copy

Jenkins -- project available in some folders. 






















